1. Lowgular handles routing, but has problems with imports when creating page or when adding routing to a routing module
    It has the names of what to import, but just does import it
    + the error for tsconfig.json still occurs

2. Problems with importing Angular-related stuff like @Component and @NgModule when creating a component with Lowgular
  It creates the files, with correct spelling, etc. but does not actually import anything
  If you have an extensions for imports you might be OK, but importing manually every time is annoying

3. Adding and connecting pages is intuitive and friendly, no problems with subpages

4. Just noticed it now - components are created without testing spec files,
  but we do have the 'Debug Jest', 'Run Jest' and 'Watch Jest' options available
  What happened to tests?
  Do I need to create components in some different way to get pre-processed spec files generated?

5. There is no functionality for ActivatedRoute interactions in Lowgular that I could find,
  and the instructional videos also do not show such functionality - this would be super important to add I think
  Nice that that the video does show to not use snapshot, though
  (timestamp 8:10) -> https://drive.google.com/file/d/1q9t8mh_uQky-4JZLWMd-dkGgk8y5Pq_U/view

6. Git stash does not revert creating pages

7. When explaining ActivatedRoute and dynamic params it would be cool to extend the task with click event
    with redirection to specific page of an employee
    It would be super useful to show redirection to specific employee on click inside the employees list

8. Default Bootstrap hamburger from the copy-paste code example on their webpage is broken;
  this has been the case since 4.1.x, and they still have not fixed it

9. When creating Smart Components inside a lib, the imports are there and everything is as it should -
    it is not formatted, but that's OK because there is nothing I have to import manually - cool!
    If the same schematics code for imports is used for pages, that should fix the problem with pages super quickly

    Quick note here - to make code for more legible, turn off the "Compact Folders" option inside VSCode settings

10. Creating a smart component creates it inside adapters/primary/components,
  and not inside adapters/primary/ui as the instruction manual suggests - is that on purpose?

  If so, the instruction manual should be updated

11. When creating a smart component inside a lib, it adds 'lib' at the beginning of the component's selector
    It's not a lib, it's a component
    There could be 2 components named the same inside 2 different libs if it's not changed
    Both would be 'lib-component-name' in that case

12. THIS ONE IS SUPER IMPORTANT - here:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WY_PwyavpKguFNrKEn7cRraM6JRzOD8bY1vqBqGKO0U/edit#

Lessons order is not really clear when you compare the video to the manual, it feels jumpy

13. It would be REALLY cool to have Lowgular-driven interactions with ActivatedRoute under an RMB action
  Writing code is cool, but when it's generated it's even cooler

14. I should theoretically be doing L2P1 now (Stworz formularz i pokaz w konsoli),
      but judging from the description there are at least 2 steps missing:

  A. Creation of the 'messages' lib
  B. Create a PAGE (not a smart component like in the instruction manual) called 'contact-us'
  C. Create a contact-us-form smart component inside the messages lib

  So that's that I did in this PR, but the instruction manual is definitely missing those 2 points

  When creating the 'contact-us' page, everything was OK -
    imports were there which is a bit of a problem since it sometimes works, sometimes does not

  I noticed that every new page's/component's template has an h1 tag,
    and then it has to be replaced with sth else - and even when we want a header,
    we need to replace it with another tag anyway
    Make it h3 by default?

15. When creating a form, why not use FormBuilder?
  It has multiple super useful methods, and IDE will help you with hints if you use it
  Makes it radically easier for new developers to understand/try to learn Angular Reactive forms

16. Form HTML tags create inside HTML - YES!!!
      BUT it created 3 inputs when there are 2 actual form controls - the third one should be a button
      ^ This one is really important

      + it was an input type submit, but there is no (ngSubmit) event on the created form,
          plus the input that was created was type="submit",
          so it looks like Lowgular got confused and stopped half-way
          (created an element but a wrong one, but then it put partially correct attributes in it)

17. L3E2 is already solved by Lowgular,
    L3E1 happens after L3E2 if you look at the videos but in the instruction manual is listed before it
    The 'employees' lib was not pointed anywhere earlier, but is required for L3E1 from the get-go

    SO
    First I will create the lib, the smart component and only then go back to the task in the next commit

    In the meantime, VSCode does not hint at smart component names inside pages' templates
      This is annoying, but not yet terrible - what would be really cool is to do it like in Webstorm
      Give a hint, when the hint choice is made, suggest import and directory from which to do it
      Quick, clean, intuitive

18. git stash does not work on libs created with Lowgular

19. The best thing about Lowgular -
      the project compiles every single time unless you make an absolutely critical mistake

20. Had to remove part of TeamMemberDTO since the next lessons (L4E1)
  actually do not include DepartmentDTO in any way (L3P1 should be moved somewhere further in the course in that case)
  Videos are very often contradicting to the instruction manual

21. When creating ports, the plural is missing in files name, interface and the injection token
  (not sure about irregular nouns, but for regular ones for sure the 's' is missing)

  Video still shows criterion as optional parameter, and Lowgular completely ignores it/does not create it

  This problem does not exist when creating a Firebase service -
    contacted Mateusz and he explained everything to do here:
      https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/12ztyX7xW0le_K_RQgWo8qvGvSh40o8KR

  Firebase works, but then I updated Lowgular extension to 0.0.22 and VSCode started throwing the following error:
    'Unexpected token } in JSON at position 509', while pointing directly to the extension.

  I will try to degrade Angular to v11 and Firebase to v6 and see how that works out.
    If that does not help, I would say it's highly possible that it is the case of Lowgular extension itself.

!!!!!!!!!
  EXTREMELY IMPORTANT: Lowgular does not work with Angular v13 and Firebase v7,
    which WILL be installed by default if you use default ng commands with npm available online since
    it will look for highest available stable version on NPM (which right now is Angular 13.3.x and Firebase 7.3)

  ^ That means that people who do not know how to play around with config will be 100% lost
      and will not know how to even revert/find a solution on their own.
      Non-technical people will not even know where to start looking.

    Finding out what the issue was with FireBase and Angular compatibility + Firebase problem solving +
      solving Lowgular issue with ng13 + reverting everything to a working state and coming with a solution
      took between 5 and 6 hours,

      while creating a new lib, DTO, service, smart component,
      connecting everything, adding manual imports where necessary,
       making the notes here etc. took 23 minutes

      This was done while following the video and adjusting to errors I was getting in the console
      (when I'm proficient, it will take far less, plus I won't be taking extra notes then)
!!!!!!!!!

22. Package that could help pluralizing, etc. the nouns used for ports names, etc:
      https://www.npmjs.com/package/i

    ^ Lowgular has problems with pluralizing correctly

23. Whole lesson 4 episodes (I guess the E stands for 'episode'? L4E1 = Lesson 4 Episode 1?)
      took 12 minutes to complete (measured with a stopwatch), including adding all the notes in the meantime

    A. I did not touch the application layer, so that's not cool
    B. I did not add any tests, also not cool
    C. I see how the 2 points above could be added, and I have a feeling it would take up to 5 minutes altogether,
          which means that we would have a TESTED,
          working feature that sticks to directory structure,
          naming convention (well, the plurals are an issue),
          and compiles correctly in less than 30 minutes.
          Let's add responsive custom styling to it (let's face it, a proper design system is very rare) of 30 minutes,
          And we still end up with a full feature within 1 HOUR.

    ^ Connecting the dots was never as easy as before, now that the technical issues are solved.

    I would say technical issues - setup, errors (including both Lowgular and VSCode/TS errors),
      compatibility issues, manual additions of code that Lowgular does not generate yet,
      import corrections, notes, etc. take between 80 and 90% of the whole time spent on the course,
        at least in my case (Linux Ubuntu v20, npm v6, node v14)

        It would be worth checking how it works for people whose systems run on npm v8+ and node v16 -
          those are the latest stable versions of npm and node available online that
          would be downloaded with default terminal commands available online

            ^ I'm not going to check these, I've had way too many problems with compatibility already

  24. L5E1 - creating Admin page, adding to routing, adding redirect inside topbar
        took 1m 11s (stopwatch) without the need to look anywhere for suggestions



































